I can't believe you made that
I love you more than life itself will
you marry me not another woman would say
yes to you right now so how do you
propose any romantic gesture can either
suite of free feast pens on how you feel
about the guy who's stupid you were me
over me
you very dude on slope man there's been
an accident just wish I could say
goodbye nur we all did
I can't live without her well you can't
live with her I guess God just couldn't
wait to have
what if I told you we could have back I
could clone her it's against nature your
wife she's gone
not completely welcome back I'm not in
love with you it didn't work genetics is
just part of what makes us who we are
you want me to race rule they try them
over and over and over
[Music]